It seems that your former employer will not pay neither the mutual nor the security
social I'm sorry sir but it does not correspond any kind of
benefit that is saying does not pay taxes and I'm left with the ass
in the air
where is justice window fourth
he has no other option
if your former employee affirms this statement that says you were of
the hired employee we will activate the payment of benefits om we go
have idea of ​​all the shit that has made me swallow that paradox sr ella
works for the state
I'm very familiar with rogues
good luckily I have now a small capital for emergencies
the 14th dollars and we only have 14 dollars to spend all that remains of
month
now they have stayed in 3d
they are so probes you have to get them to break that statement
forget it after how that cocoon has treated me I do not think to beg
to do me a favor I still have dignity
you have to start looking for work and immediately because I have to break
the back working for a worm I'm a comic book artist that this is the
opportunity to start earning a living with my art
taxi driver carpenter carpeted cartoonist jack you see they need a
cartoonist for an alternative newspaper
well there is no doubt that you have good hand andy
thanks to this date this drawing is very good said toxo lamented explained
I like strong jokes
drawings to minorities
but no
all a good
sahil
caricaturist is wanted
must be a person with people skills
before you start because he does not talk to me a little about your way of being like
from marbella to mumbai and tensed today to a bite president bush father 3-
good what do you think
each elector
I always thought that the key to the cartoons of laughing at the characters
that caricature you should not see that forced to prostitute huarte true
artist would prefer to die of hunger 2
the singer of the sweetheart account
I guess I'll have to stop thinking about my dreams and
get a real job
if everyone is talked about
a long job with a real man
we can make an organism
right between the eyes as explained before
zp
illuminated
p
soria is medium
also the band
you
and when I woke up I was surrounded by children all crying square is a
very nice detail on the other hand
a hard day in the salt mines
how much there is nothing sixty payments in this way 60 dollars for each time
it seems clearer than to feed these after this
a
do not worry what comes
you just have to tighten your belt we'll get it
we will not buy the food in total 99 cents light green that does not rock
fessler as if we could afford not to
America
let's eat like kings with budgetary restrictions bars
of pollerita ethical organic fertilizer
preserves do not use dodig do not think we have forgotten standing
clinton
is sure that these dog food when the picture of a dog comes out
In the label
bush a beginning
his proposal because it was walled up quoted to testify before the press
accompanies this note has a brain on the label too
and this can not continue like that you need more money
after this first device good not to mention
I prefer to eat canned meat
which incidentally contains eight different types of marrow there is no good
time that someone in this family behaves responsibly if you
you want to ask for boot film this paper I'll do
those of me from the df
because from the hand of Mr. don tarado who has done everything possible for
ruin my business I heard drought that has its flaws but I assure you
that in the background is a good person
therefore also of achievements and having stayed with everything I have
if your script outside as well as the roofs of my girlfriends
of the
then a good synodal
what do you think if he has indicated eight
p
the sun ferrara
I'm going to honor the north-west of dobó and thank you so I was serious
no no no no no no I'm also serious you put necochea your
name while I'm here I sign that statement before taking off
hacienda can not take away what is not mine truly necessary I want
saying nothing could cost you many deaf problems and I do not return it
set
in that case subject should look for the car keys
min
They are enrich monterde by mail the demo of the trunk to do it within
few days
in such a sense that you have the statement you want me to take you to the office of the
unemployment
min
sanchez